[Music]
welcome back to another episode of
cooking for one today I'm going to show
you how to transform type-ins to do
those it's a really easy and delicious
dinner and if you look or Korean brand
they're usually really good quality so
meat packet instant noodles and an egg
the rest of the ingredients you can play
around with a little bit so I've just
got spring onion and chilli and some
coriander that I'm gonna add to mine you
could slice up some carrots some
radishes and add those on top you could
add some cooked veggies some nice greens
and see what you've got and yeah you can
just cook it up and add that to the bowl
I've also got here a few things from my
school cupboard so I've got some crispy
crispy fried shallots and you could make
your own you don't have any of these
some black sesame seeds you could use
normal toasted sesame seeds if that is
what you've got and some tahini paste
okay so I'm going to start by boiling
our egg I've got a pan of boiling water
and an egg which has been in the
cupboard so just drop that straight in
and I'm going to set my timer for seven
minutes and that will give you the
perfect jammy centered ramen egg
I've got bowl of cold water ready here
as well so as soon as that eggs cooked
I'm going to plunge it straight into the
cold water to stop it from cooking any
further so while the eggs cooking let's
prepare our ingredients just going to
remove the outer skin from the spring
onion and finally slice there
again you can use anything you've got in
your veg store for this so if you've got
some nice red onion you could use that
finely sliced or you can pickle some to
add on top and if it maybe use some
aubergine if you fried that off in some
garlic or ginger that'd be really nice
on top of this I often use up some
greens I put in the fridge so if you've
got some broccoli or some nice green
cabbage some spring greens something
like that that would be lovely and maybe
some kale and just thinly slice a little
bit of red chilli as well if you like it
spicy can go on top and then we've got a
lovely coriander there okay so my egg is
now cooked so I'm just going to remove
that from the hot water and pop it
straight into our bowl of cold water
until we're ready to serve and now we're
ready to cook the noodles most packets
of instant ramen noodle come with a few
sachets so this one is a stock powder
which you cook with the broth to flavor
it and then some also have a sachet of
oil this is a sesame oil but sometimes
you get a chili oil if you don't have
that in the packet then you can just add
your own I'm also going to add a
teaspoon of tahini which just gives it a
really lovely creamy richness and it's
optional but I really like it you can
also add some peanut butter that's what
you've got so to cook the noodles I'm
just going to bring a couple of
centimeters of water up to a boil and
add in your sachet of flavoring or stock
powder
I'm Feeny
now that's going to make a really tasty
broth for your noodles so just tip those
into the pan as well now you want to
bring that up to the boil and start to
loosen the noodles with a fork as they
soften and start to cook my noodles are
nicely cooked now and you can see this a
little bit brothy which is exactly what
you want from my ramen noodle so we're
ready to serve okay pour your noodles
into a nice deep Bowl and then go crazy
with your toppings so we've got our
lovely sticky ramen egg some spring
onions coriander and some chili
and then I'm going to add some crispy
shallots again if you don't have these
then you can fry up some Sherlock's at
home or some red white onion and finally
some nice sesame seeds
oh I'm not forgetting our sachet of
delicious sesame oil so that is my
favorite cheeks dinner using a pack of
instant noodles it's what I always turn
to do when I'm on my own and I want
something quick and easy to eat I hope
you like to
[Music]